[Music]
okay so in the morning I do a gratitude
practice and in goal-setting and I've
been doing this for the past week this
is the started a journal by Rachel
Hollis and I'm super excited to be
starting this because from what she
talks about what others talked about it
just has a lot of power so I'm going to
do this talk about five small things
from the day before that I'm grateful
for and then I will write down the ten
dreams help make my dream life a reality
and then one goal that I'm gonna be
focusing on for the next 90 days so
that's what I'm doing in here and then
I'm gonna do my scripture study after
that so it is now 5:15 after I get this
done we'll move on to my workouts
[Music]
maybe we should go I don't wanna I'm so
funky I want you to know just how
special I wish wait wait
hi speak
[Music]
[Applause]
thank you
[Music]
[Applause]
okay as you saw I just finished my
workout for today that was about 35
minutes I love the kind of workouts that
I do
they're called Les Mills on demand now
I'm going to take a shower I'm actually
gonna light a candle right now so it'll
be nice and ready to go when I come back
in here but I'm gonna go take a shower
and then yeah okay so I just finished
taking shower and halfway getting ready
I didn't put on my shirt or my tie
because those are the most uncomfortable
part of my outfit I'm just gonna let my
hair air dry I'm gonna do my makeup
right now playing Tarzan original motion
picture soundtrack by various artists
from Spotify
[Music]
Oh
well after the snow there's something
big around that so good so good boy
[Music]
okay guys so now that I've done my hair
I'm gonna put my shoes on and you're
gonna get my backpack ready and then I'm
gonna go downstairs and eat some
breakfast I prepped some chia pudding
for my breakfast so hopefully that will
taste good
I also feel like so good right now I
like want you to know that because
usually if I wake up early I feel
horrible because I probably went to bed
at like 12:00 or 1:00 yeah okay guys so
now I am cold and I am about to leave
for school I really hope you guys
enjoyed this morning routine this is the
first legit like just my morning video
that I've ever done before
I definitely feel really good about this
whole waking up at 5:00 a.m.
honestly like I had the most chill
morning like I feel really good yeah so
I definitely recommend it maybe try it
out I will link my started a journal
that I got from Rachel Hollis in the
description and also link Les Mills if
you want to check out that workout site
yeah
I'm really I just had a great morning
and I hope you guys are having a great
morning or a great day or great night
whenever you're whatever you're watching
this video if you're new make sure to
subscribe I love you all so much and I
hope you have a great rest of your day I
will see you in my next video bye bye
bye Felisha
get my don't we forget off the
distraction - it should be focusing on
my wages sergeants are the toys and
they're both our voices
[Music]